Fix and Improve Various Part of DevGuide (#4699)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/devguide/run_time_configuration.rst

..
    Sect<7.3.3>

.. default-cfg-sec:: rtps_discovery

This section describes the configuration properties for :ref:`rtps-disc`.

> To configure RTPS discovery, it's helpful to understand that it is composed of 2 distinct protocols:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure RTPS discovery, it's helpful to understand that it is composed of two distinct protocols:
```

  .. prop:: ResendPeriod=<sec>
    :default: ``30``

>     The number of seconds that a process waits between the :ref:`SPDP participants announcements <spdp>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The number of seconds that a process waits between the :ref:`SPDP participant announcements <spdp>`.
```

Author: Thanks, my spellcheck doesn't check the contents of links... I should probably find a workaround for that.

  .. prop:: MinResendDelay=<msec>
    :default: ``100``

>     The minimum time in milliseconds between :ref:`SPDP participants announcements <spdp>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The minimum time in milliseconds between :ref:`SPDP participant announcements <spdp>`.
```

  .. prop:: QuickResendRatio=<frac>
    :default: ``0.1``

>     Tuning parameter that configures local :ref:`SPDP participants announcement <spdp>` resends as a fraction of the resend period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tuning parameter that configures local :ref:`SPDP participant announcement <spdp>` resends as a fraction of the resend period.
```

Reviewer: Maybe consider incorporating https://github.com/OpenDDS/OpenDDS/discussions/4684#discussioncomment-9731942

Author: Sure, but I want to make sure I'm understanding what this is doing correctly:

> The ResendPeriod then gradually increases back to its original value. 

I was curious about what you exactly meant by "gradually". I looked at the code and did a simple test and looks like it just does the quick resend and then goes back to the normal resend period.

  .. prop:: LeaseDuration=<sec>
    :default: ``300`` (5 minutes)

>     Sent as part of the :ref:`SPDP participants announcement <spdp>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sent as part of the :ref:`SPDP participant announcement <spdp>`.
```

  .. prop:: SedpMaxMessageSize=<n>
    :default: ``65466`` (maximum worst-case UDP payload size)

    Set the maximum :ref:`SEDP <sedp>` message size.

    See :prop:`[transport@rtps_udp]max_message_size`.

  .. prop:: SedpMulticast=<boolean>
    :default: ``1``

>     Determines whether Multicast is used for the :ref:`SEDP <sedp>` traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Determines whether multicast can be used for :ref:`SEDP <sedp>` traffic.
```

  .. prop:: SedpAdvertisedLocalAddress=<host>:[<port>]

    Sets the address advertised by :ref:`SEDP <sedp>`.
    Typically used when the participant is behind a firewall or NAT.
    In order to leave the port unspecified, it can be omitted from the setting but the trailing ``:`` must be present.

  .. prop:: SedpSendDelay=<msec>
    :default: ``10``

    Time in milliseconds for a built-in :ref:`SEDP <sedp>` Writer to wait before sending data.

  .. prop:: SedpHeartbeatPeriod=<msec>
    :default: ``200``

    Time in milliseconds for a built-in :ref:`SEDP <sedp>` Writer to announce the availability of data.

  .. prop:: SedpNakResponseDelay=<msec>
    :default: ``100``

    Time in milliseconds for a built-in :ref:`SEDP <sedp>` Writer to delay the response to a negative acknowledgment.

  .. prop:: SpdpSendAddrs=<host>:<port>[,<host>:<port>]...

>     A list (comma or whitespace separated) of ``<host>:<port>`` pairs used as destinations for :ref:`SPDP <spdp>` content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A list (comma or whitespace separated) of ``<host>:<port>`` pairs used as destinations for :ref:`SPDP <spdp>` messages.
```

SPDP Multicast
""""""""""""""

The :ref:`SPDP <spdp>` multicast port will be one of the following:

- Port from :prop:`SpdpMulticastAddress` if set
- :prop:`PB` + :prop:`DG` × *domainId* + :prop:`D0`

.. _config-ports-used-by-spdp-unicast:

SPDP Unicast
""""""""""""

The :ref:`SPDP <spdp>` unicast port will be one of the following:

- Port from :prop:`SpdpLocalAddress` if set
- A system-provided port if :val:`SpdpPortMode=system`

> - :prop:`PB` + :prop:`DG` × *domainId* + :prop:`D1` + :prop:`PG` × *participantId* if :val:`SpdpPortMode=probe` is set (default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :prop:`PB` + :prop:`DG` × *domainId* + :prop:`D1` + :prop:`PG` × *participantId* if :val:`SpdpPortMode=probe` (default)
```
